Gwenevere Abriel: All right, let's check audio and video. Make sure they're in sink sink sink sink, top, top, top picture.
Saraniah Aston: You see me.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I see it here you and my. Am I insane my audio and video is insane.
Saraniah Aston: Yep, you're great, you're golden.
And
Saraniah Aston: I want to tell you
Saraniah Aston: I give you my word. This is the last time I'm going to be late. Okay.
Oh,
Gwenevere Abriel: And I wouldn't have my word.
Gwenevere Abriel: So is it taking a really long time inside a virtual clinic.
Saraniah Aston: Sometimes, but usually it's my fault.
Saraniah Aston: For like I should come like probably like seven minutes earlier than I do something like out
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: Here's what I'm hearing it's taking people, especially
Gwenevere Abriel: These afternoon hours it's taking as much as 30 minutes, people are waiting, so you may decide to check in. Like, as soon as you think of it and get that check in part.
Saraniah Aston: Done.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then you can
Gwenevere Abriel: You can come in.
Gwenevere Abriel: Arm tells you to do you know what I mean, like, just
Saraniah Aston: Oh yeah, instead of just waiting and then directly going to you.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's right.
Saraniah Aston: That's a good idea. I'll do that. I was running around with my son stand
Saraniah Aston: Now I'm like reading my phone in my jewelry box. There we go. Ah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you. You seem like
Gwenevere Abriel: A urine kind of a kind of a chipper cheerful state. Is that how you feel.
Saraniah Aston: Um, right now I am. Okay. One thing I wanted to explain to you. I thought about this yesterday.
Saraniah Aston: When I speak to you in. We have the morning sessions like at 11
Saraniah Aston: I usually I wake up and
Saraniah Aston: And like while we're talking I'll probably take my meds or something. And so I'm very raw
Saraniah Aston: And it's, it's pretty difficult for me to do it actually is the mornings I take all of my medication. And then, so after I take my medication and I woke it up, and I've gotten over the morning blues that I go through
Saraniah Aston: I'm much more
Saraniah Aston: calmer and
Saraniah Aston: And then, of course, I'm excited.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Saraniah Aston: So yeah mornings are really, really hard for me, like, really.
Gwenevere Abriel: Can see that. And so you're almost expecting those morning blues.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's, yeah. Yeah. Wow. Okay.
Saraniah Aston: Today I like I thought about it for a while. Last night, that there's a sense that she's going to notice a difference.
Saraniah Aston: Me right when we go and me a few hours after I've woken up taking my medication and assessed myself a little bit
Gwenevere Abriel: So it's actually not just
Gwenevere Abriel: It wasn't a comparison between group and individual, it was
Gwenevere Abriel: More like we've had sessions where you've been very raw the middle of the day was stuff going on with Brother stuff going on with with this potential romantic partner. So that's all just wanted to see my perception matched your reality.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, that's all.
Saraniah Aston: I am I, I lost my journal. So I have a bunch of these little books little booklets, I have like six of these, and I'm going to fill them all up.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's cool. So I'm gonna I'm gonna jump I just jumped in talking with you. I'm going to go ahead and open a note. Now, so whatever adjustments you need to make you want to grab a sip of water, you want to move the phone. Get a pillow GET COZY.
Gwenevere Abriel: Get any kind of anything you need now's the time
Gwenevere Abriel: While I open it. Nope.
Gwenevere Abriel: Nope, you got you.
Saraniah Aston: Did you ever smoke cigarettes when
Gwenevere Abriel: Tell me, tell me your interest.
Saraniah Aston: Oh, I'm just curious. I don't think you have. You don't seem like you, you, you seem very like
Saraniah Aston: health conscious. You know, I still think that you would have smoked, but you don't want to tell me. I mean, it's totally
Saraniah Aston: I just
Gwenevere Abriel: I noticed that there's a I probably won't. I don't share a lot of my personal information I I've learned over the years that it it is more useful to not but but exploring impressions and opinions and kind of where we get those those things from can be an interesting journey.
Gwenevere Abriel: So i again i don't know if you remember, but I kind of try to demystify people's opinion about member that first impression you had with me, too.
Mm hmm.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, I'm going to be like this. So some of the looks like that is going to be like this. So there might be some mystery there might be some surprises in there.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I do notice that those questions for my clients come when I am opening a note.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, I've noticed that I've noticed that when I'm not
Saraniah Aston: Engaged you silent, that means
Saraniah Aston: I know that they want to say something. Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well,
Saraniah Aston: Let's let you open the note.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, no, it's more like you're not alone. It's like it's a social pressure that doesn't exist quite the same when we're sitting in a therapy setting. There's a an artificial pressure that because if you're, if you think about if you're on the phone.
Gwenevere Abriel: And if you're ever quiet for even watch, watch. I'm not talking. I'm not trying to, I'm not talking
Gwenevere Abriel: Hey, are you there.
Saraniah Aston: We
Gwenevere Abriel: We don't wait very long and that same pressure. I've watched over these three years have been working with bright heart.
Gwenevere Abriel: It happens in here too. So even though I'll say okay go settle yourself like if you had just gone and gotten a pillow probably wouldn't have happened, but it just, it happens to everybody. We want to fill it. We want to jam it with with words and whatever, but
Saraniah Aston: Content.
Gwenevere Abriel: That quiet is unsettling.
Saraniah Aston: Yeah. Yes, that's it.
Saraniah Aston: I guess that's it.
Gwenevere Abriel: What do you think
Huh.
Gwenevere Abriel: I never get to open my note.
Saraniah Aston: Yeah, I realized that
Gwenevere Abriel: No, I, I'm only kidding. I mean, it's a little dance to to try and with a lot of having to share anything
Saraniah Aston: I understand. No, I just, I forget something, but I know how well
Gwenevere Abriel: You know what, this is an example of look what we just did. You got to see in vivo in real time. What did I just do what we, what would. What's that skill I have that I just did.
Saraniah Aston: Know,
Gwenevere Abriel: Now you do
Saraniah Aston: What skill.
Gwenevere Abriel: Uh huh. Remember that print out that you printed and pasted in a notebook. You like I'm going to print this out and I'm gonna plop it in a notebook and I'm going to paste it in there. Do you remember what that one once
I know
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Saraniah Aston: This is the book I'd be using
Gwenevere Abriel: This is a pretty important one.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, there's nary a person that doesn't have to face this one eventually
Gwenevere Abriel: Hmm.
Saraniah Aston: There's the dual awareness.
Gwenevere Abriel: It was a print out, you probably if you did do what you said you were going to do. You're going to print it out. You're going to plop it
Gwenevere Abriel: Right there in your notebook or in a collage. You were going to drop it in there somewhere.
Saraniah Aston: Yeah, I still have it. I just have to print it out. I can't remember what it is.
Gwenevere Abriel: There's no pressure. It's a boundary
Saraniah Aston: Did you tell me
I did.
Saraniah Aston: Oh,
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. Did you see it.
Saraniah Aston: Now, no, I have to look for it and. But yeah, no, no. I saw. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Um, but from the recipient end of it, let's let's flip the switch. Because right I'm promoting you setting those limits setting those boundaries and we make up in our head, what other people will think of us if we do that.
Gwenevere Abriel: They'll get mad at us, they might do, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. But now you've been the recipient of one. Let's flip the story around and see how did it feel when I set a limit. How did it feel for you.
Saraniah Aston: I'm
Saraniah Aston: Kind of you feel a little stupid, but it's okay.
Saraniah Aston: Hold on.
Saraniah Aston: Actually
Gwenevere Abriel: Say it again.
Saraniah Aston: I want to be able to do the same thing, though.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so hold on to that. Let's just stay right in this freeze.
Gwenevere Abriel: What happens if you set a boundary
Gwenevere Abriel: And I feel stupid.
Gwenevere Abriel: What will happen.
Saraniah Aston: Normally I will tell someone please don't feel stupid or don't feel bad or nothing will happen and get over it.
Saraniah Aston: And move on from it.
Saraniah Aston: And learn with a boundary is
Gwenevere Abriel: Don't feel bad, or you know it is a really popular one.
Gwenevere Abriel: Don't take this personally but up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up. Right. Don't take this personally that one.
Saraniah Aston: Yeah. Don't take it personally. It's just my preference.
Uh huh.
Saraniah Aston: It's just me.
Gwenevere Abriel: So here's the truth. I'm going to take it personally. Meaning, others will take it personally. Won't we will end up going to take it personal. You just kind of remember remember right
Gwenevere Abriel: We do anyway, no matter how you coach us. We're still going to take it, how we're going to take it home.
Saraniah Aston: Yeah, but I take things to present so many things to personally like
Saraniah Aston: I don't want you
Gwenevere Abriel: So, so let's go back. Let's go back a little bit. Remember I was saying we're going to freeze right here because this is a pretty juicy. You got to see something really happen in here.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I said, I set a limit, and I danced around. I even named it. I said, Now I'm stalling. Now I'm dancing around and I'm trying to, you know, I even talked it through and you felt a little stupid.
Gwenevere Abriel: Mm hmm. My client.
Gwenevere Abriel: My clients feeling stupid.
Saraniah Aston: But it's just for like a second, you know,
Okay.
Saraniah Aston: And it's a momentary like oh type thing. Like, you're such a dummy.
Saraniah Aston: Like, like I really feel stupid like or I'm gonna be down on myself. It's like okay tasting. Moving on, it's all, it's fine. It's when
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. Yeah. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: But you know what's interesting about it and I know I'm sitting here on this topic for a while because these are pretty important.
I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: Just notice how
Gwenevere Abriel: Somehow my
Gwenevere Abriel: Clinical preference and there might be personal to because maybe I'm a type that's a bit private maybe it maybe it's convenient for me. Right. I can see that playing into this, like, maybe that's an excuse. I have
Gwenevere Abriel: You not me.
Gwenevere Abriel: But then I balance it with actually I'm really attention seeking and maybe I would really love to tell my stories. So then I checked myself and I'm like, No, this isn't the clinical best interest of
Gwenevere Abriel: My client. So I did check myself, but I had to go through all of that I went through all of that and some in here with you moments ago.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is it really worth it. Could I share about something.
Gwenevere Abriel: That happened really a lot and not at any point listen closely to this not it at point would nothing pass through my head of she should know. Not once. In fact, when you said, I felt so stupid. I was like, I had to work hard to try and hmm
Gwenevere Abriel: Isn't that something
Gwenevere Abriel: Never occurred to me now we're in in the field. The county
Gwenevere Abriel: Of how that would be so I was so busy. Look what I was doing. Did you see how I was so busy working out my own story like this. This clinically appropriate. Is this about me about her, I was working really hard spinning my wheels, like a little hamster career over here, not once did. I think
Gwenevere Abriel: She shouldn't asked me not once. In fact, I'm having to work at it right now to think of how it would be that you would get
That song.
Saraniah Aston: That means I'm glad that you didn't think that
Saraniah Aston: Yeah, but I don't. I don't think you would have thought that either.
Gwenevere Abriel: But this is a deeper. This is a bigger picture. This has to do with
Gwenevere Abriel: We're going to take it not only what's happening in here together because I'm kind of a safe person. I'm not going to get offended. I'm not gonna get I'm gonna leverage love against you. I'm not going to withdraw. I'm not going to pull a resource from you.
Gwenevere Abriel: For you, right, that sort of that professional promise.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I'm safe ish
Gwenevere Abriel: But out there.
Gwenevere Abriel: In the real world.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, it's different. It happens differently.
So,
Gwenevere Abriel: So that's why we're kind of taking this moment to really see
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: You had this experience this little sting, and you moved on.
Gwenevere Abriel: How, how often do you have to deal with listings like that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So they're not stings are they, they're like,
Gwenevere Abriel: Sometimes, much more than a sting.
Saraniah Aston: Yeah, sometimes like that. This time, this time was just little steep but but yeah sometimes. Yeah, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So the register of what you're willing to tolerate of what you think is like just a little nap for you like this was nothing because I didn't call you a name. Didn't demean you, I hope.
Gwenevere Abriel: It wasn't this big thing this what how, you know, I didn't shame you, I hope.
Gwenevere Abriel: No. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: But other people have
Saraniah Aston: Oh, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, so now you just barely notice this little stupid this little sting.
Saraniah Aston: Mm hmm. Actually, yes.
Yeah.
Saraniah Aston: It's a common thing.
In my life.
Saraniah Aston: Where I I inquire about things or, you know, push, just a little bit harder to be a little bit more extroverted or something like that, or you know, just try and learn how to be human.
Saraniah Aston: Talk to people and
Saraniah Aston: I guess.
Saraniah Aston: I do that sometimes. I asked questions that I'm not supposed to
Saraniah Aston: That aren't
Saraniah Aston: Politically correct or something. Sometimes, or just too deep or
Saraniah Aston: Or two human for people to be able to answer. And so I've been snap that many times and and I just kind of shrivel up and
Saraniah Aston: Yeah, wind back into my
Gwenevere Abriel: But you're in here. So I'm going to take what you said. And we're going to come right back to him is going to come out for just a moment and just say what you said in here just sticking with our interaction was perfect. It was perfect.
Gwenevere Abriel: What your part was perfect. You had a curiosity. It's not your job to know
Gwenevere Abriel: How a therapeutic relationship is right. How are you supposed to know
Saraniah Aston: I don't know, but I know I do know because of a lot of experience, but how am I supposed to know exactly all of it. Um, I guess I wouldn't. Nobody really would
Gwenevere Abriel: And so, you asked a question you are curious about the person that sets the limits is me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, not you, much like the world. So we'll take the you out there, they will continue to be curious, they will ask questions and they may feel invasive to you.
Gwenevere Abriel: But they may just have a question they may just be doing their deal. They're just doing doing their human thing. Okay, but how we end up feeling it is quite something else. Right. So it's a constant flow.
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't like that. I feel invaded. It isn't an absolute that their intent was to be invasive that their intent was to exploit that their intent was crossing a boundary, we
Gwenevere Abriel: As a human have to continuously set them set the boundaries, set the boundaries. Set the boundary
Gwenevere Abriel: I want to give you a little phrase.
Gwenevere Abriel: I love this. This is I have it on a sticky. Because now I've just love this so much because I liked how how neat and tidy. It is so I put it on my green sticky and it is this it says, Do not infer intent from outcome.
Gwenevere Abriel: Will sit with it.
Gwenevere Abriel: And it's happening anyway.
Gwenevere Abriel: So what
Saraniah Aston: Are intense
Saraniah Aston: Front of them.
Uh huh.
Gwenevere Abriel: So we're gonna we're gonna come, it'll come back to this. So let's go back to
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm this belief. Remember I said we're gonna come out, we're going to talk about what happened in here. And then I said I would come back to something you said think it's pretty rich when you said I'm not supposed to whatever
Gwenevere Abriel: I just wonder if that's the sponsoring belief underneath this as if there's some I've broken some rule that I'm not in the club like what's. How do you do this human thing.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, like
Gwenevere Abriel: You're left out of some important bit of information about how to be social or something. Does it feel like that.
Saraniah Aston: Sometimes, yeah. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Why is it not about the person that you talk to maybe doesn't know how to answer your question, or you reached one of their limits.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or they were just bored angry hungry irritated lonely. Who knows what wonder why it bounces back to you is if there's something flawed in you wonder how you default to that.
Saraniah Aston: I think I do that with almost everything, though.
Gwenevere Abriel: I do too. That's why we're coming back to it. I'm wondering if what we're doing is really seeing the
Gwenevere Abriel: One of these really core beliefs about yourself.
Saraniah Aston: Well, I can tell you something that I'm
Saraniah Aston: One of those very big
Saraniah Aston: In social situations.
Saraniah Aston: People seem to want to know my life story in 60 seconds. And I want to please people so I give it to them and I blow their minds and they don't know what to think. And then I don't know if I'll ever hear from him again.
Saraniah Aston: I don't want to give my whole story.
Gwenevere Abriel: And don't I go to girl that's a boundary. So notice someone has a demand will tell me, Well, why do you think, where do you feel and wow, is it that fitted to death.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you want to keep them around so you want to please them and you are over sharing beyond your comfort.
Saraniah Aston: Mm hmm.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you know you have a right to set a boundary
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't even want to talk about whether I was a smoker or nonsmoker like what if, is it going to make
Gwenevere Abriel: Tell people whether I had someone asked me, Is that an apartment or house and I didn't answer.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, that's how consistent. I am. I mean, and that's just ridiculous like come on girl. What difference does that make
Mm hmm.
Saraniah Aston: I guess we just don't want to seem bitchy or
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, yeah.
Saraniah Aston: But I guess I am any I'm going that's going to happen.
Gwenevere Abriel: And how many times did you think oh that whenever there's a pitch for
Gwenevere Abriel: Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm like, Bitch square
Now,
Gwenevere Abriel: There's nothing I can do about it. So my telling you if I'm an apartment, if this is an office. And this is a home if I'm a smoker or nonsmoker
Gwenevere Abriel: With I shaved my head. If I stop wearing makeup. But if I stood on one leg and look like this. It doesn't matter what I do.
Gwenevere Abriel: I will still be seen as a bitch. There is nothing I can do about it. And so once I really got that I've just embrace the bitchiness and me. I was like okay well I'm going to clearly going to get that level, regardless of what I do to help. I'm just going to make it work for me.
Saraniah Aston: Yeah, me too.
I guess.
Gwenevere Abriel: Why not
Gwenevere Abriel: So preservation. Well, not more than that.
Gwenevere Abriel: More than that, yeah, weapon that it's member member in that imagery that we did about how do I harness
Gwenevere Abriel: It's not rage that I want to harness. That's not it. But it was somewhere in this anger, it's somewhere in this vitality, it's somewhere in this
Gwenevere Abriel: This energy that's not depression. It's not shame. No, no, it's more in that high energy space. Well, what if it's being a badass. What if it is kind of embracing that I'm bold.
Mm hmm.
Gwenevere Abriel: So what
Saraniah Aston: Is admirable that's really admirable
Gwenevere Abriel: So that's what you are. So what you're curious and you want to know the piece that gets
Gwenevere Abriel: Sort of the rug pulled out quick from underneath is this this old thought you have
Gwenevere Abriel: I wasn't supposed to do that.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's the outdated. That's the outdated thought
Gwenevere Abriel: It being okay for you to do you
Gwenevere Abriel: Whether you offend someone whether you let them down, whether they're irritated disgusted repulsed laughing, crying. You have a right to do you
Gwenevere Abriel: I, meaning I represent everyone I will set my boundary and you will either pay attention to it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or you won't
Gwenevere Abriel: But how do you know where that boundary is how did you know I maybe, maybe I could talk about family and that would be my comfort zone. How would you know if you didn't go test it out right. How would you
Saraniah Aston: It's true.
Gwenevere Abriel: I mean, whether you're a smoker or nonsmoker. How does that, like most people would just freely share that
Saraniah Aston: Yeah, right. Um,
Saraniah Aston: But this is a year. You're the therapist, so
Gwenevere Abriel: Like, look what else happened. Look how much work we've done already this morning.
Saraniah Aston: Because
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm such a bitch.
Saraniah Aston: Yeah, I know. Teach me here, which is
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh we answer. No question. Tell me already. Okay, but what if that what if that's something cuz look someone says to you,
Gwenevere Abriel: Tell me, tell me, tell me, tell me, tell me, tell me, tell me all about you gimme gimme gimme. Well, I'm going to bring that list up again, remember I was telling you this boundary stuff is so important, and I know you didn't print it out. That's okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: I didn't. Okay, well, you had wanted to. It wasn't a command or anything. I have got it sitting here on my computer, we can bring it up anytime we want to
Gwenevere Abriel: So I do want to bring it up again because it's so cool. It's so comprehensive, I can't remember all of the things like this thing cam. So we're going to show up, just having happened right now it's going to be right on the screen.
Saraniah Aston: We're just in case people screenshot.
Saraniah Aston: Yeah, I have.
Saraniah Aston: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: We're going to find
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, me too. So we're going to find the one that speaks precisely to they asked me for my life story in 60 seconds. Let's see if we can find where that is.
Saraniah Aston: OK.
Saraniah Aston: You have a strong sense of identity you respect yourself.
Gwenevere Abriel: There's even more precision, there's even more you'll find it.
Saraniah Aston: You share personal information gradually and
Saraniah Aston: Natural share mutually sharing trusting relationship.
Gwenevere Abriel: And say you found it member earlier. I was saying we portion it out we we give little bits to make sure so you
Gwenevere Abriel: You test it out a boundary here just now. And you asked me about smoking, let's say, and so you felt something out and and you you learned the terrain.
Gwenevere Abriel: You might have had a map of what people do in in therapy will we talk about thoughts and feelings, because you've been in it. You've seen maps before that's a metaphor, but you've never been in the terrain.
Gwenevere Abriel: Of having that thought about this therapist. You have never been here before this. This is a new moment.
Saraniah Aston: Right, yeah. It is usually share personal information gradually in a mutually sharing personally. That's true. That is exactly how it should be.
Saraniah Aston: It shouldn't be all one sided I know someone named and they know my blood type.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is enough. Yeah. Now, the question comes into how do you know if your baseline belief about yourself is
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't even know how to be a human. How on earth are you supposed to trust your intuition on. I don't want to share everything with you right now like some dude. Some gals somebody I don't want to. How are you supposed to trust yourself. How are you supposed to be able to say
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh yeah, we'll see that for another time. You know, and when we've got, you know, eight hours of sitting at a table, but I'll tell you this, and then you set what you want to talk about
Gwenevere Abriel: You have the right to do that. But you are flooded likely with all of this pressure this emotional pressure, even happens, I've got a I've got to spill the fact that to give them what they want, or else
Gwenevere Abriel: And you don't you don't have to. You could literally be a turkey like me and be like now.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah yeah
Saraniah Aston: That's how that's exactly how I want to be.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah portion it, we get to take it nice and easy. We get to register members telling you earlier that a lot of times
Gwenevere Abriel: You are in some pretty high distress. I don't know how much of it was retained. But when we're around someone who's exploiting us who
Gwenevere Abriel: Is literally their agenda is to extract information about me. I'll take it on as me, they want to learn everything about me so they can exploit me but they haven't really shared anything about themselves.
Saraniah Aston: Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Number I touched on that before. Does that sound familiar
Gwenevere Abriel: Mm hmm. That's where this shows up.
Saraniah Aston: The next
Gwenevere Abriel: Day. Yeah, no, I'm you can flip it around and say, well, tell me, tell me why you want to know how these things about me.
Gwenevere Abriel: How will that help us get to know each other, you can turn it around and you can ask an open ended question.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's a boundary, because look what I did. I turned one of their questions into a question if we keep that up too long. Typically, we can pick up on it, it gets annoying.
Gwenevere Abriel: But you're just starting at this. I mean, we've got to get some skills. We got against tuning in to your own body when that first zing happens that something important that steak. And you know what's at stake is your boundary
Saraniah Aston: What are usually say
Saraniah Aston: My boundary. What I do have
Saraniah Aston: When I do say it is
Saraniah Aston: It. It's a long story. That's what I said. It's all I know what to say. But that's not good enough.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, wait. Remember we set the boundary again and then again and again. Because if you're going to find out, well, let's just say it's not enough. What if it is exactly enough and that the problem is not you
Gwenevere Abriel: What if this whole time. You've just been around people that don't give a flip about your boundary
Saraniah Aston: Mm hmm.
Gwenevere Abriel: You've been blaming yourself. When really it was a matter of having maybe
Gwenevere Abriel: People that aren't disrespectful of one's boundary. They were invasive. They were kind of, you know, either over sharing or over right invading into our emotional space. What if there's really been nothing wrong with you this whole time.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So very confusing them are coming up when the messages. I've either gotta give everything this emotional just like here here's, here's my heart. Here's all my feelings. Be careful with it. Why don't you I don't know you. But here you go.
Um,
Gwenevere Abriel: But there's another way to go about that. And that's what this outline kind of breaks down is if we weren't taught how to parcel out these bits of trust, slowly, slowly, slowly.
Gwenevere Abriel: And this is a way of reference point. So over these weeks. Have you had a chance to pay attention to your physiology of when there's a boundary issue that's coming up, like how I can feel it. I feel clip.
Saraniah Aston: You know he's more
Gwenevere Abriel: Like not in throat. Where do you feel it.
Saraniah Aston: All over my entire body.
Saraniah Aston: All over.
Saraniah Aston: Sometime this. It's that sets off something's right
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, so it, it happens. Tell me about how it's in your left pinky.
Saraniah Aston: Not even aware my limbs really
Gwenevere Abriel: not aware of limbs. Okay. And that's not even a limb that's even just like what we call a little digit right
Saraniah Aston: Here's the live
Gwenevere Abriel: And there's these little phalanges that pop off of them and
Saraniah Aston: even talking about it maybe just for some reason.
Saraniah Aston: Yeah, I wonder what
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Saraniah Aston: And sometimes when I get anxious
Saraniah Aston: I mean, it's okay. I can handle it. It's just like sometimes like when I get anxious. I'll get really, really confused. It's weird.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, now that actually has some science. I can tell you why that's happening.
Saraniah Aston: Really
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh yeah so right and I told you you're not broken. I tried to tell you, you know, there's nothing wrong with you, you're, you're working just fine. You're working like everybody else's
Gwenevere Abriel: So that is that's the release of that the amygdala hijacking. And what happens is there's such a flood of an emotion that comes up from the amygdala that it cuts off.
Gwenevere Abriel: Access to the other parts of the brain, which is up here, and many other places. And it also messes. And I've talked to you about the hippocampus, and the ability to remember
Gwenevere Abriel: Things accurately and the cortisol that comes from there, but one part of it is, it's so intense.
Gwenevere Abriel: It completely cuts off access to the other parts of the brain, all the parts of rain have got to be working with each other.
Gwenevere Abriel: And flowing and Evan info and let's use a little bit of knowledge and experience and expertise and sort of logic over on the left side and a little bit of that emotional stuff like, hey,
Gwenevere Abriel: This guy's invasive that's that emotional, we need a mixture of all of it. What's happening is just that one part is getting all the attention. It's just an amygdala hijack it's a hijack you completely hijacked
Saraniah Aston: Right.
Saraniah Aston: That's awesome.
Gwenevere Abriel: Your name.
Saraniah Aston: Hi jack. Yeah, so
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, you'll hear it all over. Now that you've heard it from me. I didn't, I didn't come up with it. It's something
Saraniah Aston: You didn't
Gwenevere Abriel: Know it's not cute. Can't copyright that so
Gwenevere Abriel: So, but the science behind it, because you were wondering, how can it be, I can't, I can't think straight
Saraniah Aston: That's right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Neither can I.
Gwenevere Abriel: None of us can that's because I said this all the blood is here and here and you said you can't even fill your fingers. That's because there's no blood in there.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's all in part and large muscle groups, my thighs and my biceps and I'm ready to run and I'm ready to fight.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's not in here, the prefrontal cortex that can distinguish now from five years from now, that part of the brain that's activated right now. The only thing that noses, you're in danger, you're in danger. Hey, you're in danger. Hey. Hey now, you're in danger.
Gwenevere Abriel: It doesn't say you're in danger at two.
Gwenevere Abriel: Says, you're in danger.
Saraniah Aston: So now we're going to meet you start sweating. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, ma'am.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's right. It does not have
Gwenevere Abriel: Moderation. That's why we gotta be able to use the more evolved parts.
Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: And we get there.
Gwenevere Abriel: We get there through the breath, you've got other techniques which they're out there, but this is the go to is get to the breath.
Saraniah Aston: Right, that's always what I do when I'm anxious, my main goal is to find my full breath a full breath. And if I can get there, that it's smooth sailing from then on out.
Gwenevere Abriel: And are you getting that full breath. You know where down into the belly on that. Inhale.
Saraniah Aston: Yeah, I'm getting now.
Saraniah Aston: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's the tricky.
Gwenevere Abriel: And it's hard to do.
Gwenevere Abriel: takes effort. And that's what we want. We want concentrated effort seeking getting what part of the brain, the part that remembers how to do it.
Writing
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, we want to get out of the amygdala. That one's a sound when
Gwenevere Abriel: You're in danger, you're in danger. We want to get to the left brain to the logical side and we want to get to the prefrontal cortex. That's the one that can distinguish now from future. That's the one that can
Gwenevere Abriel: Inhibit impulse. It's an amazing for most evolved part of our brain, which means it only comes online, believe it or not, it's done growing
Gwenevere Abriel: Up like 30 so you want to give yourself a really hard time. Yep. Yeah, I know what I'm learning is it said 30 with people that identify with things like an
Gwenevere Abriel: impulse control like ADHD for women normally research will tell you go online and check it out. It's about 2425 for women. So y'all want to give yourselves a hard time about why did I make that impulsive decision.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because your brain wasn't finished growing. So you guys want to give yourself such a hard time but you weren't growing yet.
Saraniah Aston: And then people. There's people like me who have had a diction problems and my brain probably has grown even slower than it could have
Gwenevere Abriel: It's typically a really general went, yes. The answer is yes. Doesn't mean it won't heal.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's the happy part. But the truth is, yeah, you can mess with it you stunted it a bit, especially with the marijuana basically when you started solving problems when you let's say you were drinking and drugging at 15 you're basically solving problems. The way you did when you were 15
Gwenevere Abriel: It's a weird thing. It's like we're kind of stuck in that way of addressing the world solving problems like a 15 year old if I started when I was 10. What if I started drinking when I was 11 years old.
Gwenevere Abriel: Still be sort of on an emotional level right in a problem solving, but I might still be kind of looking at things like an 11 year old. It's amazing. We get stuck kind of right there.
Mm hmm.
Gwenevere Abriel: But give yourself some compassion. Okay, when it comes to not feeling like you have said that phrase human
Gwenevere Abriel: Several times
Saraniah Aston: Mm hmm. What
Gwenevere Abriel: Is it that you think we all have that you don't have, is it
Saraniah Aston: I don't know. I don't know, just I feel very different. Sometimes I feel like I'm willing to open
Saraniah Aston: And other people aren't
Saraniah Aston: The way I am.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, and so you, you could see on paper, what that translates to right
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, let's take it. Let's keep doing this work that we're doing this inner personal stuff around boundaries. This might have some news.
Saraniah Aston: I'm just not sure why I do that exactly is it attention or wanting them to like me or
Saraniah Aston: Is it, like, is it desperation for wanting people to accept me or think I'm cool. I used to use my life story as a way of being cool of seeming cool. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: You can get answers to the y and I can offer it there'll be one woman's opinion, you've been with before. And they've probably given you a clinical impression around that. Right. Why would you do that, what have people told you what
Saraniah Aston: attention seeking that you seek attention and
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm attention seeking
Gwenevere Abriel: I agree. Don't act like I am.
Saraniah Aston: Yeah.
Saraniah Aston: I'm
Saraniah Aston: Insecure
Saraniah Aston: With myself.
Saraniah Aston: So I feel like I have to fill up all the space for people to see that there is a person who actually has been through the same thing, you have and you have and you have, and I've done it more and more and more and more. And it's like trying to prove my bad after
Saraniah Aston: That way, by giving it all up and like sharing everything. And it's just ridiculous.
Gwenevere Abriel: You asked, with
Saraniah Aston: Now, I think it's much, much cooler. When I see a person who has control, who is a little bit more reserved has much more like self.
Saraniah Aston: Worth I get self respect or self appreciation that and they're super cool and they don't need to see anything about themselves.
Saraniah Aston: That's what I'm be like
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so here's the thing, if we don't address how that feels. For you it will be the same.
Saraniah Aston: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: With our few minutes that we have left. Okay. And, well, actually, we get started at 10 after I got a little bit of time.
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: These people, you said it's insecurity, but really the juicy stuff came when you kept talking
Gwenevere Abriel: Attention. People have given us a bit of a flippant like this kind of be more complicated. I'm attention seeking. I know I'm not the coolest cat. But I also don't share anything about myself. So how those two things. How can I
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. Wait, so let's keep going. So then you said some neat things in here.
Gwenevere Abriel: I only wrote down some of it and it was fill the space.
Gwenevere Abriel: So there's a person
Gwenevere Abriel: There's you
Gwenevere Abriel: And if you don't fill the space.
Gwenevere Abriel: Where are you
Gwenevere Abriel: And so this is identity. And so this is at the core, and so you keep wondering why do I keep doing this intellectually. I know the logic of this healthy list and boundaries. And you could probably teach a group on it right you know it.
Gwenevere Abriel: But in the moment that pressure
Gwenevere Abriel: To please how pressure is there and
Gwenevere Abriel: I think
Gwenevere Abriel: That as you
Gwenevere Abriel: This is complicated, so
Gwenevere Abriel: As we're talking about identity here so
Gwenevere Abriel: I believe that the way to the destination, which is going to be you the authentic self. So that's going to be where we're going. But I think the way to get there is going to be rehearsal.
Gwenevere Abriel: May seem oversimplified, but every time that you actually tune in.
Gwenevere Abriel: To wait a second, it isn't all over. I'm stressed and I've been labeling it all over my body. Now I'm going to be more precise.
Gwenevere Abriel: Feel here in my shoulders and then another month passes and you refine it and refine it and refine it. And you know what, and then you get to the point where you're like, who I know
Gwenevere Abriel: I know what I like what I don't like. Because I just got a knot in my throat. My stomach just turn. I can feel it. And only a couple maybe areas in my body. It's not all over, not this vague thing it's I'm zeroing in on the message that my body's giving me and I know it. I feel it. It's true.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I don't have to explain it to anybody I'm experiencing it right now. I can feel it.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then over time you'll get the confidence, you'll get to know that experience more refined and you'll be able to label it and say,
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, I'm excited that feels the same as nervous and then a little bit later, it might be. I'm disgusted with something and I feel that a little different part of my body feels a little different. Yeah, that's the labels disgusted or oh I'm so afraid.
Gwenevere Abriel: That you're going to feel it in your body. That's a felt sense, we're going to label it.
Gwenevere Abriel: This may seem oversimplified, but I'm telling you, I think that's going to be where you're going to find yourself in your truth, not how I label it, not what psychology. Does this and this is going to be over and over and over.
Gwenevere Abriel: What's your reality, what are you going through right now. What are you feeling right now and you can get through, through that breath and a lot of other relaxation meditative practices, you can get there.
Gwenevere Abriel: But this piece that you you did today around when I said, well, where, where do you feel that stress. Right. And you said all over my body.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I was a little bit kind of cheeky. And I said, Well, what about your little finger.
Gwenevere Abriel: YES, YOU CAN MAKE MAC AND CHEESE YO.
Gwenevere Abriel: He's texting me. I forgot he texted me so that's
Gwenevere Abriel: Number, the thingy.
Gwenevere Abriel: Member asked you about
Gwenevere Abriel: And I wonder, I wonder how you might respond to that. And then I got another really cool, interesting piece of information. I don't even know him. I don't know.
Gwenevere Abriel: There no
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, well, then we're going to get to know what parts you can have some conscious awareness of what we're going to get there and how do we do it. We pay attention to you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Know the label, not people pleaser. I can use any of those terms, but their way out here, the core stuff has to do what is certainly a feeling right then. Does she register intuition. Has that been so invalidated in her her childhood that she has just not been habituated to tuning in Word.
Yes.
Saraniah Aston: So what I'm doing is
Saraniah Aston: A little bit. I noticed that I'm doing this is I'm stopping like I'll stop everything like a thought process or whatever, if I need to feel like I need to just to think about it.
Saraniah Aston: Before I go further.
Saraniah Aston: I'm really trying to do that. And it's helping
Oh, yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: You have every right
Gwenevere Abriel: Just
Gwenevere Abriel: What's going on, and I noticed my shoulders are up here. I noticed my jaws take
My leg.
Gwenevere Abriel: What if I don't mind looking like a fool. What if I'm worth it. What if I get to tune in word and not pay attention more to you.
Gwenevere Abriel: And what I'm going through. I love what you're doing, stop just
Gwenevere Abriel: What's going on for me and you've gotten to up here, up to the thinking and my invitation to you is don't forget the body yes you're paying attention, thinking. So the invitation is next.
Gwenevere Abriel: On having that thought because you're paying you've stopped. You're now you're analyzing the thinking you're looking at, well, how's my body doing
Gwenevere Abriel: I can't even feel my hands. Okay. Yeah. Oh, I feel nauseous haha
Gwenevere Abriel: That's that's the next one and then more you really get what's going on with that body of yours. I think we're going to get some some really profound
Gwenevere Abriel: Change in there because it's not just the mind it's connected to messages and the truth of the matter is, your body responds before that mind of yours.
Gwenevere Abriel: Body intuitively it, it reacts.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's going to have a response.
Gwenevere Abriel: To your environment.
Gwenevere Abriel: Before you come up with a fancy word for it.
Saraniah Aston: never pay attention to my body. Never thought it was very important to do so. So
Saraniah Aston: It's interesting to hear. So, I will. Yeah.
Saraniah Aston: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I invite if you want it because journaling has been a big part of this for you is to write it down. So maybe you've gotten, you know, here's the date. Here's the time. What are my thoughts. I got them written down.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, what's my emotion. How about let's not forget about felt sense. And I use the word feeling meeting body somatic. What is it in your field that one. Yeah, a little journal. Okay, I don't know, I might even in my body or it might be
Gwenevere Abriel: Anything even know where to start. So you could start with a body scan. How did my feet feel my shoes, my ankles Macau's my knees, my thighs see owns back, shoulders, arms, hands, my neck my head.
Gwenevere Abriel: I noticed my stomach still got a little something in there so you can do a body scan. If it's so unfamiliar to that can just do it with it on on purpose, sort of scheduled routine of just doing a scan like Superman scan. Right. It goes all the way through.
Saraniah Aston: Yeah.
Saraniah Aston: Rules idea.
Gwenevere Abriel: Into the guts. Don't forget the bones attendance, the muscles intestines.
Saraniah Aston: Hey, here. Yeah, I remember doing is the hospital and relaxation therapy, we would lay down and start from my head and work all the way up through the toes.
Saraniah Aston: So I know how to get to those spots. That was my favorite thing that we ever did.
Gwenevere Abriel: Your body finally got a little attention.
Saraniah Aston: Yeah I did then. Yeah, so I guess there was a point
Saraniah Aston: Your body. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's pretty important. The mind is it it's it's beautiful, it's got its job, but we get messages from other parts of us, and sometimes they're holding a lot of energy.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's not a place we want to go. So if it gets on settling and you're uncomfortable with it. Why, why know about that to whatever comes up for you every single time.
Gwenevere Abriel: The message persistently pervasively consistently. I want to know what's coming up for you. Now what you think I want to hear. I really want to know your over and over and over. That's, that's what I want.
Gwenevere Abriel: Take a little time just with the bits that we have not just sort of track it through sort of
Gwenevere Abriel: Moving through our work together here.
Saraniah Aston: Is there a goal. You can give me or something like that.
Saraniah Aston: Goal.
Gwenevere Abriel: How about this, let's go from don't ever have to ask twice for something measurable and timeframe. Here we go. Happy to give it to you.
Gwenevere Abriel: I would like you to
Gwenevere Abriel: Increase from a baseline of zero.
To
Gwenevere Abriel: Three times a day of doing a body scan, accompanied by three breaths, making sure that it goes all the way into the belly.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then our mouth.
Saraniah Aston: Okay.
And
Gwenevere Abriel: While you're there. Just pay attention to the emotion that you might label this human experience.
Gwenevere Abriel: Three times a day, three belly breaths.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right three body scans three belly breaths and then three times. Let's give it an ole a label. Let's give it that emotion word I'm feeling
Gwenevere Abriel: Sad and feeling irritated. I feel numb. I feel excited. I feel jealous. I feel angry, I feel afraid just label it. If you can write that down love to know if we can discover a pattern first
Saraniah Aston: Exactly what I'm going to do. That's my goal. I'm going to do these things. And then afterwards I'll just jot down not not stressful. The or stress out about it or anything like that.
Saraniah Aston: No whatever my hands and put it on paper.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you're going to have that group down with the journaling. So this is, this is going to kind of go well with it.
Saraniah Aston: Mm hmm. Yeah. Thank you.
Saraniah Aston: Lily.
Gwenevere Abriel: So we'll be looking for three times a day.
Gwenevere Abriel: Three body scans and right after that. Now, so right, those three times will be a body scan.
Saraniah Aston: In the belly breath.
Saraniah Aston: Pay attention to the emotion.
Saraniah Aston: And then I wrote, then right
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, excellent. So let's schedule another appointment.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Actually you can have this time. Again, if you want it equal 28
Saraniah Aston: Yeah, this time really seems to be good for me.
Gwenevere Abriel: One on April 28. Do you need me to message a doctor about medication, are you good to go.
Saraniah Aston: Oh no, I'm fine.
Gwenevere Abriel: Beautiful.
Saraniah Aston: Then I will be 2837
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, April 28 at 10 minutes after one
Saraniah Aston: Yep. OK, I will be here and and I will show you. I've done. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Cool, yeah can show me the data we can say. Excellent. All right, I'll see you next gen group.
Saraniah Aston: Okay, yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Take care.
Saraniah Aston: Bye bye. Thank you. Bye.